****************************************************
-------------Bumbuu Terms of Service---------------
 Copyright 2010
 Bumbuu
 All rights to this website and SOME content are
 reserved.
****************************************************

The purpose of this document is to give the user
an assumption of the general rules which apply
when using the Bumbuu service and some modest and
fair regulations that apply in order to ensure a
more enjoyable experience for both the user and 
other users, as Bumbuu is a community where people
don't necessarily have to get along, but do have 
to affirm that they shall not cause civil unrest
that could pose potentially harmful and/or
life-threatening conditions to another user.

Article 1:
   By using the Bumbuu service, you agree that you
are willing to abide by all of the rules of the
Terms of Service, and that violation of these
rules can result in either a suspension of your
account or a possible permanent banning from all
Bumbuu services. Your usage of Bumbuu states that
you have thoroughly understood these terms and
that you agree with them.

Article 2:
   By using the Bumbuu service, you also agree
that you will not hold Bumbuu responsible for any
emotional damage/discomfort it may cause to you as
a result of usage of this website.

Article 3:
   Bumbuu allows the usage of most kinds of
language on its websites. However, if we feel that
a user's main and/or only intent for using Bumbuu's
services is to either harass or make profane 
statements, we reserve the right to remove that
user from service, and/or block that user from 
using Bumbuu again. PLEASE BE WARNED: If your only
intent on Bumbuu is to make profane, derrogatory,
or obsene gestures or statements, you will MOST
LIKELY be removed as a user, and a possible ban
will be considered.

You hereby agree to all of the above rules by 
joining Bumbuu services, and also agree to not 
litigate Bumbuu or any of its affiliates under 
circumstances that are the liability of a third 
party that may be using Bumbuu and its services.
